premise	hypothesis	label
I went to the beech yesterday.	I went to the beach yesterday.	True
The car is parked in the drivway.	The car is parked in the driveway.	True
He was waering a red shrit.	He was wearing a red shirt.	True
The resturant had a great atmostphere.	The restaurant had a great atmosphere.	True
She put on her makep before leaving.	She put on her makeup before leaving.	True
He has a studding personality.	He has a stunning personality.	True
I love eatting pizza on Fridays.	I love eating pizza on Fridays.	True
The child has a fevor.	The child has a fever.	True
We need to buy more toilat paper.	We need to buy more toilet paper.	True
He was waring green pants and a blue shurt.	He was wearing green pants and a blue shirt.	True
I can't belive she maade that mistake.	I can't believe she made that mistake.	True
The actor gave a wounderful performence.	The actor gave a wonderful performance.	True
I need to buy some more tishues.	I need to buy some more tissues.	True
She has beautiful eye lashes.	She has beautiful eyelashes.	True
The blanket was made of fleeze.	The blanket was made of fleece.	True
He had a sore throate.	He had a sore throat.	True
She applied the lipstik before the meeting.	She applied the lipstick before the meeting.	True
The coffe was too hot.	The coffee was too hot.	True
The room was too coldd.	The room was too cold.	True
The word was misspelled on purpuse.	The word was misspelled on purpose.	True
I need to go to the pharmecy.	I need to go to the pharmacy.	True
She has a bueatiful smile.	She has a beautiful smile.	True
I need to buy some more breadcumbs.	I need to buy some more breadcrumbs.	True
He has a solitare diamond ring.	He has a solitaire diamond ring.	True
The students needed to bring their own penciles.	The students needed to bring their own pencils.	True
He was waering a red tie with his suit.	He was wearing a red tie with his suit.	True
The fabric is very sof.	The fabric is very soft.	True
The car has a dent in the drver's side door.	The car has a dent in the driver's side door.	True
I need to buy more choclate chips.	I need to buy more chocolate chips.	True
He cut his finger with the knif.	He cut his finger with the knife.	True
She has a collection of dols.	She has a collection of dolls.	True
The movie was very suspensful.	The movie was very suspenseful.	True
I need to go to the dentist for a cavitie.	I need to go to the dentist for a cavity.	True
The shirt has a loos thread.	The shirt has a loose thread.	True
The food was too spicey.	The food was too spicy.	True
She has a talent for drowing.	She has a talent for drawing.	True
I have a headach.	I have a headache.	True
He bought a paire of shoes.	He bought a pair of shoes.	True
The resturant was very bussy.	The restaurant was very busy.	True
She has a small scar on her cheak.	She has a small scar on her cheek.	True
The building had a grayish-blue colr.	The building had a grayish-blue color.	True
I need to make an appoinment with the docter.	I need to make an appointment with the doctor.	True
The room was too brite.	The room was too bright.	True
He needs to shave his berd.	He needs to shave his beard.	True
She has a collection of old vinel records.	She has a collection of old vinyl records.	True
The student was scribling notes in class.	The student was scribbling notes in class.	True
I need to buy some more cofee filters.	I need to buy some more coffee filters.	True
He had a hard time finding the right adrees.	He had a hard time finding the right address.	True
The cat had a small scrath on its nose.	The cat had a small scratch on its nose.	True
I need to buy some more kichen towels.	I need to buy some more kitchen towels.	True
She has a fear of hights.	She has a fear of heights.	True
The plant needs more sunlite.	The plant needs more sunlight.	True
I need to clean the kitchn floor.	I need to clean the kitchen floor.	True
He has a couh and a runny nose.	He has a cough and a runny nose.	True
The teapot was made of porcelin.	The teapot was made of porcelain.	True
She was wearing a gold ncklace.	She was wearing a gold necklace.	True
The book was missing a few payges.	The book was missing a few pages.	True
He was a great athleet in highschool.	He was a great athlete in high school.	True
I need to buy some more toothpast.	I need to buy some more toothpaste.	True
The car has a scrach on the hood.	The car has a scratch on the hood.	True
She has a talent for singin.	She has a talent for singing.	True
I need to replace the wiperblades on my car.	I need to replace the wiper blades on my car.	True
The box was labeled "fragil".	The box was labeled "fragile".	True
He had a difficult time pelling the word.	He had a difficult time spelling the word.	True
I need to go to the stor for some grocieres.	I need to go to the store for some groceries.	True
She has a colletion of antique jewlry.	She has a collection of antique jewelry.	True
The movie was very romatic.	The movie was very romantic.	True
I need to make sure the door is locked befor leaving.	I need to make sure the door is locked before leaving.	True
The letter was mailed with insuffient postage.	The letter was mailed with insufficient postage.	True
She has a talent for writting.	She has a talent for writing.	True
